DOC-7523 -- Remove Inter-sync-gateway v1 and v2 references (#328)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/pn-change-log-content.adoc

// tag::latest-all-changed-config-rn[]
// tag::2-8-0-config-rn[]
// tag::2-8-0-structuralonly[]
Sync Gateway 2.8 introduces a number of configuration file changes made to accommodate the Inter-sync-gateway replication feature.

.Replication
The database property has a new sub-property `replications`, which is used to associate an Inter-Sync Gateway Replication with a 'local' database.

> The top level `replications` configuration property and its sub-properties is deprecated. Instead, use the `database.replication` property (as above) to define Inter-Sync Gateway Replications, unless you specifically need to use SG{nbsp}Rplicate replications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top level `replications` configuration property and its sub-properties is deprecated. Instead, use the `database.replication` property (as above) to define replications, unless you specifically need to use the pre-2.8 version with SG{nbsp}Replicate.
```

* source
// end::2-8-0-removedonly-list[]

The following SG Replicate _ReplicationConfig_ configuration properties are deprecated.
Deprecated functionality remains solely for backward compatibility with SG Replicate but is no longer supported:

// tag::create-target[]
create_target::
_SG Replicate Deprecated_.
The _create_target_ property remains in `ReplicationConfig` but is deprecated for Couchbase Server-backed use cases.
// end::create-target[]

// tag::proxy[]
proxy::
_SG Replicate Deprecated_.
The _proxy_ property remains in `ReplicationConfig` but is deprecated_.
// end::proxy[]

// tag::doc-ids[]
doc_ids::
_SG Replicate Deprecated_.
The _doc_ids_ property remains in `ReplicationConfig` but is deprecated_.
// end::doc-ids[]

// tag::source[]
source::
__SG Replicate Deprecated__.
+
*For Inter-Sync Gateway Replication:* the _source_ property is, implicitly, the database associated with the replication (that is, the 'database' property under which it is defined).
// end::source[]

// tag::target[]
[[target-property,target]]
target::
__SG Replicate Deprecated__.
+

> *For Inter-Sync Gateway Replication:* The _target_ property is replaced by the `<<remote-property>>` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For replication introduced in Sync Gateway 2.8:* The _target_ property is replaced by the `<<remote-property>>` property.
```
